# Vocabulaire

> Learning flashcards fast and efficient.
> Focused on learning languages.

Vocabulaire is a simple mobile and desktop flashcard trainer using the FSRS algorithm for best learning curves.
It is currently in its early stages and not feature complete.

Start easy with creating a new box and fill it with flashcards.

## The Algorithm

To create the best experience for you, Vocabulaire uses
the [Free Spaced Repetition Scheduling Algorithm (FSRS)](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/free-spaced-repetition-scheduler).

Check its official resources for more information.
Following, a quote from the official repository.

> The model considers three variables that affect memory: difficulty, stability, and retrievability.  
> Stability refers to the storage strength of memory; the higher it is, the slower it is forgotten. Retrievability
> refers to memory's retrieval strength; the lower it is, the higher the probability that the memory will be forgotten.
>
> ~ [Free Spaced Repetition Scheduling Algorithm (FSRS)](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/free-spaced-repetition-scheduler)

## Audio Support

When learning languages, speaking and listening is incessant.
That's why Vocabulaire supports language recording.
When you forget the pronunciation later you can play it back.

## Synchronisation

Vocabulaire runs completely local.
Synchronize files works via the export and import functionality.

## Developer Information

To create the autogenerated Hive classes, run `dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs`.

Deploy icons in `/assets` with `dart run flutter_launcher_icons:generate`.

I18N support based on `app_X.arb` are generated by `flutter gen-l10n`.